#12.02.2018 - Getting started with Redux -- https://egghead.io/courses/getting-started-with-redux -3h without breaks included

First principle of Redux
Whatever the complexity of the app, you will represent the whole state of the application as a single Javascript object.We call it the STATE or the STATE TREE.

The second principle of Redux
	The state tree is Read-only.You cannot MODIFY or WRITE through it.
Instead,everytime you want to change the state you must dispatch an action.
ACTION = plain Js object desbribing the change; minimum representation of the change to the data
Structure of the action object
Up to the dev : the only requirement : to have type property & not undefined.

Pure function = its return value depends only on the value of its arguments; just calculate the new value
		Don’t modify the array,but instead create a new one(i.e using .map())

Redux applications must implement a reducer function: calculates the next state tree based on the previous state tree and the action being dispatched.

The third principle of Redux

In order to  describe state mutations you must write a function called Reducer which takes as arguments the previous state of the app,the action that is going to be dispatched and returns the next state of the app.The reducer function has to be pure.

Did the code snippets in the video twp times,also with JsBin.

Now after 2h of finishing,I am not able to recreate the whole counter app from the tutorial without looking,just parts..

I will refresh tommorrow the knowledge by doing again the counter app (1h) skiping the non-esential parts & won't try to memorise it but refresh the concepts.
