#13.02.2018 - Getting started with Redux -- https://egghead.io/courses/getting-started-with-redux

#Tried to do a recap and wrote some code

# 05. Writing a Counter Reducer with Tests -- 20 min
[Link](https://egghead.io/lessons/javascript-redux-writing-a-counter-reducer-with-tests)

I will write a reducer function for the counter example.
I will use the 'expect' lib in order to make assertions.(for testing purpose)

#A short remark: when writing a reducer function,if the state is not defined,return an object representing the inital state


const counter = (state = 0, action) => {
  switch(action.type) {
    case 'INCREMENT':
      return state + 1;
    case 'DECREMENT':
      return state - 1;
    default:
      return state;
  }
}

expect (
  counter(0, { type: 'INCREMENT' })
).toEqual(1);

expect (
  counter(1, { type: 'INCREMENT' })
).toEqual(2);

expect (
  counter(2, { type: 'DECREMENT' })
).toEqual(1);

expect (
  counter(undefined, {})
).toEqual(0);

#All seems to be clear in the above code: We've constructed a reducer function(ES6 syntax) and afterwards tested it
#I like the way he uses TDD to write the code,but for me is not handy at this moment;This is trivial,but for a bigger code base it seems to be difficult


# 06. Store Methods: `getState()`, `dispatch()`, and `subscribe()` -- aprox 25 min
[Link](https://egghead.io/lessons/javascript-redux-store-methods-getstate-dispatch-and-subscribe)

const { createStore } = Redux; // Redux CDN import syntax

// import { createStore } from 'redux' // npm module syntax

//retrieve the store object
const store = createStore(counter);

# store has 3 important methods:
1. getState() retrieves the current state of the Redux store. If we ran `console.log(store.getState())` with the code above, we could get `0` since it is the initial state of our application.

2. dispatch() is the most commonly used. It is how we dispatch actions to change the state of the application. If we run `store.dispatch( { type: 'INCREMENT' });` followed by `console.log(store.getState());` we will get `1` since

3. subscribe() registers a callback that the redux store will call any time an action has been dispatched so you can update the UI of your application to reflect the current application state.

# 08. React Counter Example
[Link](https://egghead.io/lessons/javascript-redux-react-counter-example)


const Counter = ({ value }) => (
  <h1>{value}</h1>
);

const render = () => {
  ReactDOM.render(
    <Counter value={store.getState()}/>,
    document.getElementById('root')
  );
};

store.subscribe(render);
render();

const Counter = ({
  value,
  onIncrement,
  onDecrement
}) => (
  <div>
    <h1>{value}</h1>
    <button onClick={onIncrement}>+</button>
    <button onClick={onDecrement}>-</button>
  </div>
);


const render = () => {
  ReactDOM.render(
    <Counter
      value={store.getState()}
      onIncrement={() =>
        store.dispatch({
          type: 'INCREMENT'
        })
      }
      onDecrement={() =>
        store.dispatch({
          type: 'DECREMENT'
        })
      }
    />,
    document.getElementById('root')
  );
}


# 13 Reducer Composition with Arrays -- 28 min
[Link](https://egghead.io/lessons/javascript-redux-reducer-composition-with-arrays)

#I will have two different reducers here 'todo' and 'todos'; first refers to an individual todo and second at a list of todos

const todo = (state, action) => {
  switch (action.type) {
    case 'ADD_TODO':
      return {
        id: action.id,
        text: action.text,
        completed: false
      };
    case 'TOGGLE_TODO':
      if (state.id !== action.id) {
        return state;
      }

      return {
        ...state,
        completed: !state.completed
      };
    default:
      return state;
  }
}

const todos = (state = [], action) => {
  switch (action.type) {
    case 'ADD_TODO':
      return [
        ...state,
        todo(undefined, action)
      ];
    case 'TOGGLE_TODO':
      return state.map(t => todo(t, action));
    default:
      return state;
  }
};
