# Music Tube App

Today I am working at an app I called **Music Tube**.
I've worked on it 4 hours from 10am-14 pm and I started again now.

## App Summary

Search up the name of an artist in the input field,then you'll find some info
about it along with a nice profile.

You'll also get a preview of their top ten tracks & they will be playable.

The artists and the tracks will be provided using Spotify API.

## UI Structure
(1h)

I use **React Bootstrap** library and its components to give the app a better look.
I invested some time here, as I went to their webpage and researched what other
components can I use in the app or in next apps.

On the way I search for other similar UI Frameworks React.js and I found good
reviews for **Semantic-UI-React** and **Material-UI**.

At the moment I will only focus on React Bootstrap and I will try to "master" it,
and also use it in the next apps as the other ones are pretty similar to this one.

##Understading

I spent 2 hours on understanding step by step what I did so far,as this are common
things I'll do to all apps.
After I created the the app with create-react-app I deleted the src directory and
started the process from scratch,creating an app with the constructor and render methods etc.
I can say that in this moment I master those steps.

##Exercising CSS and Templating

I am weak at using CSS and organizing html on the page as I always avoided this.
As a matter of fact I found that CSS cheat sheet + the color pallete with the codes,
to exercise many properties and make a habit from it,in order to feel how things work.

##Problems

When I try to get infos about some artist I get this message:

{
  "error": {
    "status": 401,
    "message": "No token provided"
  }
}

As I reasearched this is due Spotify's change on May 29th 2017 where they started requiring
access tokens for all the requests.

[Link](https://developer.spotify.com/news-stories/2017/01/27/removing-unauthenticated-calls-to-the-web-api/)

Before this changed occured I would have been able to access artist info without any token.

##Plan B

I found **node-spotify-api** on npm.

This package will perform all of the work of generating an authentication token.

I will stil need a Client ID and Client Secret to use the library,but those will
be generated after making a Spotify account and completing some fields there.
