# [Managing State in a React Navigation App with Redux](https://medium.freecodecamp.org/managing-state-in-a-react-navigation-app-with-redux-6d0b680fb595)

## Application Overview

Basically that is a step a step tutorial, which explains how to make a simple two-screen app using RN.

Helpful because explains some RN + Redux alphabet things.

## Notes [5h with two 20 min breaks] -- tried to understand the code and write it

I'll remake the app, following the instructions step by step and maybe try some other things from RN docs.

I'll only note some things I feel are important:

1. `npm install --save react-navigation redux react-redux`

2. I respected this folder struct:

  `/src
  /actions
    ColorChangedAction.js
  /components
    AppNavigator.js
    ChooseColorPage.js
    MainPage.js
  /reducers
    AppReducer.js
    ColorReducer.js
    NavReducer.js
  /state
    Colors.js`

3. I've found this article,also on Medium: [11 mistakes I’ve made during React Native / Redux app development](https://medium.com/dailyjs/11-mistakes-ive-made-during-react-native-redux-app-development-8544e2be9a9)

At point 5 he says that this struct is only recommended for small apps. For bigger ones he recommendeds the one in the article.

4. [Read about React Stateless Functional Component](https://hackernoon.com/react-stateless-functional-components-nine-wins-you-might-have-overlooked-997b0d933dbc)

5. use `flex: 1, alignSelf: 'stretch'` to make the container view extend to the whole screen

6. `import { addNavigationHelpers, StackNavigator } from 'react-navigation';
    import { createStore, combineReducers } from 'redux';
    import { connect } from 'react-redux';`

## [Read about React Navigation](https://reactnavigation.org/docs/getting-started.html) -- [1.5h]
    Really useful & well made docu.

    -used for routing & nav in RN
    -written entirely in Js
    -In a `web browser`, you can link to different pages using an anchor `(<a>)` tag. When the user clicks on a link, the URL is pushed to the browser `history stack`. When the user presses the back button, the browser pops the item from the top of the history stack, so the active page is now the previously visited page.
    -React Native doesn't have a built-in idea of a `global history stack` like a web browser does -- this is where React Navigation enters the story.
    -React Native doesn't have a built-in API for navigation like a web browser does. React Navigation provides this for you, along with the iOS and Android gestures and animations to transition between screens.
