# Simple UI based App [11h - 2 * 1/2 breaks]

Counter with 3 buttons(increment, decrement and reset) + label where showing the value of the Counter

## Notes && Observations

1. Button from pure RN is pretty lame..cannot do styling(cannot arrange it without introducing it in a View i.e) on it so I m searching some component library for RN now

2. [Some libraries options here](https://medium.com/@ste.grider/component-kits-for-react-native-84eff4b321b9)

3. I will try RN Elements, looks good & nice [documentation](https://react-native-training.github.io/react-native-elements/docs/0.19.0/overview.html).

4. Every component from React Native Elements has a container around it. The container is just a traditional <View /> from react native that has some styling on it. This default styling prevents components from colliding with each other. If you want to change how two components react to each on the screen your first stop should be the containerStyle prop. ---> I tried to style buttons before by inserting them in a View,they do this already

5.


## Redux

1. This is the problem that Redux solves. It gives components direct access to the data they need.

2. Using the `connect` function that comes with Redux, you can plug any component into Redux’s data store, and the component can pull out the data it requires.

3. Yeah, it also does some other cool stuff too, like make debugging easier (Redux DevTools let you inspect every single state change), time-travel debugging (you can roll back state changes and see how your app looked in the past), and it can make your code more maintainable in the long run.

4. But this thing here, **plug any data into any component,** is the main event. If you don’t need that, you probably don’t need Redux.

5. Some ex: The component itself doesn’t know about Redux – it just accepts a user prop and renders the avatar image. The mapStateToProps function extracts the user from Redux’s store and maps it to the user prop. Finally, the connect function is what actually feeds the data from Redux through mapStateToProps and into Avatar.

### Add Redux
* Redux keeps the state of your app in a single store. Then, you can extract parts of that state and plug it into your components as props.

* This lets you keep data in one global place (the store) and feed it directly to any component in the app, without the gymnastics of passing props down multiple levels.

* Side note: you’ll often see the words “state” and “store” used interchangably. Technically, the state is the data, and the store is where it’s kept.

* `redux vs react-redux` --> 2 different libraries

  - `redux` gives you a store, and lets you keep state in it, and get state out, and respond when the state changes.

  - `react-redux` that lets you connect pieces of the state to React components

  - `redux` knows nothing about React at all

  - when people refer to Redux they refer to both libraries in tandem

  - connect() injects the dispatch function as a prop

  - `connect(mapStateToProps)(Counter)` because connect is a HOF(returns a function when you call it);

  - What connect does is hook into Redux, pull out the entire `state`, and pass it through the `mapStateToProps` function that you provide.

  - this needs to be a custom function because only you will know the 'shape' of the state in Redux

  - the object you return from from `mapStateToProps` gets fed into your component as props

  - Provide a Store
    Redux holds the global state for the entire app, and by wrapping the entire app with the Provider component from react-redux, every component in the app tree   will be able to use connect to access the Redux store if it wants to.

  - This means `App`, and children of `App` (like `Counter`), and children of their children, and so on – all of them can now access the `Redux store`, but only if they are explicitly wrapped by a call to `connect`.

  - connecting every single component would be a bad idea (messy design, and slow too).

  - Provider it’s like a secret passageway connected to every component, and using `connect` opens the door to the passageway.

  - Imagine pouring syrup on a pile of pancakes, and how it manages to make its way into ALL the pancakes even though you just poured it on the top one. `Provider` does that for Redux.

  -  Redux makes zero assumptions about the shape of your state. It’s up to you! It could be an object, or a number, or a string, or whatever you need.

  - NEED A FUNCTION THAT WILL RETURN THE STATE ---> reducer ---> pass in createStore

  - reducer must always return something

 * Summary so far: - We wrote a `mapStateToProps` function that does what the name says: transforms the Redux state into an object containing props.
                   - create a reducer function to tell Redux how our state should look like.....
                   - used createStore func from 'redux' to make a store and passed the reducer
                   - wrapped the whole app in the Provider component that comes with react-redux and passed the store as a prop
                   -
  * It’s common to write the initial state above the reducer, and use ES6’s default argument feature to provide a value for the state argument when it’s undefined.

  ```javascript
      const initialState = {
      count: 0
      };

      function reducer(state = initialState, action) {
      return state;
      }
  ```

  * Regarding the action...its type property must mandatory be a string..

  * Changes happen one way, and one way only: action -> reducer -> new state.

  * There are even addon packages that let you log every action that comes through, rewind and replay them, and anything else you could imagine. `Time-travel debugging` was one of the original motivations for creating Redux.

  * Actions are not born, but they are dispatched, with a handy function called dispatch.

  * The dispatch function is provided by the instance of the `Redux store`. That is to say,`you can’t just import { dispatch } and be on your way`. You can call store.dispatch(someAction), but that’s not very convenient since the store instance is only available in one file.

  * DATA FLOW IN REDUX: `dispatch(action) -> reducer -> new state -> re-render`

## Conclusion

  Lots of things I didnt wrote...Technically I understood good the Counter app now...but couldn t finish the styling and finish the app because I had lots of problems with Expo.......works really bad,lots of red screens and dont know why,different opinions but no one knows exactly,red screens when I make a mistake & after I repair on that line the mistakes are still there..
